QUASARDB SOFTWARE LICENSE AND PRODUCT SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This is a reminder of some key articles of the license agreement. Please
refer to your signed license agreement for further information.

Article 3 - SCOPE OF THE LICENSED RIGHTS
----------------------------------------

3.1 Software Use

Provided the Client has paid the applicable license fees, QUASARDB SAS grants 
the Client a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to load, store, execute and
modify (only as described in the Documentation) ("Use") the object code
version of the Software specifically limited to the Licensed Configuration as
indicated on the Client's order form or purchase order ("Order") when he
purchased the Software.

No Concurrent User may use the Software as a Subscriber unless such Concurrent
User is also an authorized Subscriber and vice versa. The specific conditions
of use of the Software by each type of user are detailed in the Special
Provisions.

3.2 Updates and Upgrades

Provided the Client has ordered and paid for Product Support, his Use of the
Software includes Updates and Upgrades QUASARDB SAS provides to the Client.

3.3 Runtime programs

The Client may use Run-time Program(s) and create or alter tables or reports
produced by the Software solely for the purposes of operating the Software.
Run-time Programs(s) used beyond the limitations pursuant to this Agreement
will violate the terms of this Agreement and the Client must cease such use
immediately.

3.4 Back-up copies

The Client may do a reasonable number of back-up copies for his own archival
purposes

Article 4 - USE RESTRICTIONS
----------------------------

4.1 Software modification and reverse engineering

Except as expressly allowed under this Agreement, the Client may not copy
(except for a reasonable number of back-up copies for his own archival
purposes), alter, merge, modify, translate, adapt in any way, or prepare any
derivative work of the Software.

Except as permitted by law, the Client may not reverse engineer, disassemble,
decompile, or otherwise attempt to reconstruct or discover any source code
(other than readily user accessible source code, if any), underlying ideas,
algorithms, file formats or programming interfaces of the Software, or allow
others to attempt any of the foregoing.

The Client may not loan, rent, lease, provide a service for which the Client
charges a fee, license or otherwise transfer the Software or any copy thereof,
to or for the benefit of a third party.  The Client may not delete or change
any of the proprietary rights notices of QUASARDB SAS and its suppliers 
appearing on the Software or Documentation and the Client agrees to reproduce
all such notices on each copy he is permitted to make under this Agreement.

4.2 Interoperability

In the event the Client needs to provide for interoperability with his own
software or hardware, the Client must first contact QUASARDB SAS to receive
such interoperability assistance and the Client will not reverse engineer the
Software on his own.

Article 6 - CONFORMITY
----------------------

QUASARDB SAS guarantees the conformity of the Software to the specifications
mentioned in the Documentation from the date of installation of the Software
by QUASARDB SAS and/or from the date of validation by QUASARDB SAS of the
installation by the Client.

Article 7 - THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE
--------------------------------

Run-time licenses to certain Software owned or licensed by third parties
("Third Party Software") are necessary for the proper operation of the
Software. A list of Third Party Software is available from QUASARDB SAS. The
Client is solely responsible for obtaining the required licenses, sublicenses
or technical support for any Third Party Software, as well as any licenses or
sublicenses for the operating system or other Software necessary to operate
the Client's hardware platform.

Article 11 - PRODUCT SUPPORT
----------------------------

Provided the Client has paid the Product Support applicable fees, QUASARDB SAS
grants the Client the Product Support services as detailed below and on the
QUASARDB SAS website.

11.1 Term

Product Support begins at the end of the Limited Warranty Period specified in
Article 12.1 ("Limited Warranty") below.

Unless QUASARDB SAS receives written notice of cancellation thirty (30) days
prior to the anniversary date of any Product Support ordered, Product Support
shall renew each year without written notice and shall be subject to the then
current Product Support fees.

11.2 Access to support and use restrictions

Subject to the terms of this Agreement and timely payment of the fees
described in Article 3.1 and 3.2 above, the Client shall have unlimited access
to the Support Site via the Internet solely for the Client's own internal use
to diagnose and resolve any Errors that occur in the Software.

QUASARDB SAS shall provide for technical assistance exclusively online (by
email) from Monday through Friday, 9:00 am to 6:00 pm (local time for QUASARDB
SAS designated site) excluding French national holidays.

QUASARDB SAS shall make its best efforts to reply to any technical assistance
request within forty-eight (48) business hours of receipt of the Client's
request.

"Business hours" means the normal business hours of the QUASARDB SAS office 
that "supplies the support services.

Compliance with Laws.

The Client agrees: (i) not to use the Support Site for unlawful or wrongful
purposes, including, but not limited to, distributing material that (a) is
copyrighted (except to the extent expressly permitted by the copyright owner),
(b) is obscene, libelous, harassing or discriminatory, (c) is protected by
trade secret, (d) is an invasion of the privacy of a third party, (e) creates
a clear and present danger, or (f) advocates unlawful conduct;  (ii)    not to
interfere or disrupt networks connected to the Support Site; and  (iii)   to
comply with all regulations, policies and procedures of networks connected to
the Support Site.

11.3 Supported Releases

QUASARDB SAS shall support the current version of the Software for not more
than twelve (12) months following the general availability release of the next
version.

QUASARDB SAS will notify the Client before discontinuing support for a given
release version.

QUASARDB SAS will use commercially reasonable efforts to offer continued 
support of previous releases, but makes no promises to do so.

11.4 Parties Obligations

QUASARDB SAS agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the 
Product Support purchased by the Client. If support lapses and the Client
wishes to renew support at a later date, the Client must purchase support 
retroactive to the date of lapse, and the Client may be required to pay an 
additional reinstatement fee.

11.5 Product Support fees and charges

For any Product Support subscribed the Client undertakes to pay the applicable
fees which amounts and terms are mentioned on the Special Provisions. Product
Support fees are non-refundable and the Client shall be responsible for and
agree to pay in full any and all taxes resulting from this Agreement or any
activities under this Agreement except for taxes based upon QUASARDB SAS's
income.

11.6 Software modification

If the Client modifies the Software in any way, other than as described in the
Documentation, QUASARDB SAS reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to
charge and invoice the Client for the time and materials required to diagnose
and remedy or attempt to remedy the problem at QUASARDB SAS's then current 
rate for QUASARDB SAS professional services.

QUASARDB SAS does not warrant that it will be able to successfully resolve 
such problems. If such modifications occur, QUASARDB SAS reserves the right to
refuse Product Support until and unless the Software has been rendered 
compliant with the Documentation.

Article 12 - WARRANTY
---------------------

12.1 Software Warranty

For thirty (30) days from downloading the Software (or the minimum limited
warranty period allowed if applicable law does not permit a 30 day limited
warranty) ("Limited Contractual Warranty Period"), QUASARDB SAS warrants that 
the Software will substantially conform to the Documentation.

Any misuse or unauthorized modifications of the Software, including but not
limited to any and all modifications to the Software's user accessible source
code and configuration files will void this limited warranty. Further, using
any Software program, of any nature whatsoever, not supplied by QUASARDB SAS 
that updates or modifies the Software other than as described in the 
Documentation, will void this limited warranty.

Except as specifically provided herein, the Software is provided "as is" and
QUASARDB SAS makes no warranty, representation, promise or guarantee, either
express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Software or
related services, including but not limited to their quality, performance,
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and, subject to Article 14
below, non-infringement of third party rights, or those arising by law,
statute, usage of trade or course of dealing.

For Run-Time Programs and other software products owned by third party
suppliers of QUASARDB SAS, QUASARDB SAS's third party suppliers and QUASARDB 
SAS on their behalf, make no warranty under this agreement express or implied,
including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose.

12.2 Product Support Warranty

a) Limited Warranty

QUASARDB SAS warrants that the Product Support provided hereunder will be
performed in a good and workmanlike manner.

QUASARDB SAS does not warrant it will be able to successfully resolve any 
Errors.

b) Support Site Warranty

QUASARDB SAS will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain availability
of the Support Site during the term of this Agreement. The following events
("Contingencies") shall not count against QUASARDB SAS when computing
availability of the Support Site:  (i) any latency or downtime due to the
Client's acts or omissions, (ii) acts of unauthorized third parties, (iii)
scheduled maintenance, (iv) Internet latency, failures or outages, (v) third
party acts or omissions over which QUASARDB SAS has no control, and (vi) 
problems associated with the Client's hardware or Software used to access the
Support Site.

The Client's sole and exclusive remedy for QUASARDB SAS's failure to meet the
availability level stated in this Article 12.2 b) shall be to (i) send a
message to the email address provided in accompanying documentation, or (ii)
contact the Client's QUASARDB SAS sales representative.

QUASARDB SAS shall have no responsibility for: (i) correcting Errors in any
Software modified by the Client or any third party; (ii) Errors in the
Software due to (a) failure of computer hardware, equipment or Software not
provided by QUASARDB SAS, or (b) accident, neglect, misuse, failure of 
electric power, adverse environmental conditions, catastrophe, negligence of 
the Client or improper use; or (iii) on-site technical support.

If QUASARDB SAS establishes, in its reasonable discretion, that: (i) no Error
existed; or (ii) the Error resulted from any of the circumstances described in
the immediately preceding paragraph, then QUASARDB SAS shall invoice the 
Client for its reasonable services in investigating or correcting the Error at
QUASARDB SAS's then-current rate for consulting services.

12.3 Remedies under the Limited Contractual Warranty

QUASARDB SAS's entire liability and the Client's sole and exclusive remedy for
failure to meet the remedies in (i) and (ii) above shall be limited to
replacement of the Software without charge; in the event QUASARDB SAS is
unable to provide conforming replacement Software, QUASARDB SAS shall refund
the purchase price of the Software paid by the Client.

QUASARDB SAS's entire liability and the Client's sole and exclusive remedy for
failure to meet the limited warranty in article 12 above shall be, at QUASARDB
SAS's option, either to (i) correct the error, or (ii) help the client work
around or avoid the error.

The warranty and remedies of this section are exclusive and in lieu of all
others, oral or written, expressed or implied. No QUASARDB SAS reseller, agent
or employee is authorized to make modifications or additions to this warranty.

Article 13 - LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
------------------------------------

The Software is inherently complex and may not be completely free from errors.
It is the Client's responsibility to verify the Client's work and make backup
copies. QUASARDB SAS will not be responsible for the Client's failure to do
so.

In no event will QUASARDB SAS or QUASARDB SAS's suppliers will be liable for
special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, suffered by any
person including the Client or the Client's clients, arising out of this
agreement or out of the use of the Software or for services provided by 
QUASARDB SAS, including, without limitation, damages or costs relating to the
loss of profits, business, goodwill, data or computer programs, even if 
advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any similar claim against 
the Client by another party. The parties agree that QUASARDB SAS's third party
suppliers will be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

The above exclusion of incidental and consequential damages may not be
enforceable under some applicable laws, so such exclusion may not apply to the
Client. Neither QUASARDB SAS nor its suppliers will be liable for direct or 
other damages hereunder. The Client agrees to the allocation between the 
Client and QUASARDB SAS of liability risk which is set forth in this section 
and which is not otherwise allocated or disclaimed by any other section of 
this agreement. In no case shall QUASARDB SAS's liability for money damages 
exceed the license fees paid by the Client for the Software.

Article 14 - INDEMNIFICATION
----------------------------

QUASARDB SAS will defend, indemnify and hold the Client harmless from 
liability resulting from misappropriation of any trade secret or infringement
of any copyright or French patent by the Software if the Client (i) notifies 
QUASARDB SAS within twenty (20) days of the assertion of any such claim and 
(ii) cooperates with QUASARDB SAS in the resolution of any such claim
including permitting QUASARDB SAS to control the defense and settlement of 
such claims. QUASARDB SAS shall not be liable for any infringement or 
misappropriation claims related to (i) modification of the Software; (ii) 
combination of the Software with hardware or Software not supplied by QUASARDB
SAS; or (iii) use of other than the most current version of the Software if 
the claim could have been avoided by use of such current version. QUASARDB SAS
may, at its option, (i) obtain for the Client at QUASARDB SAS's cost the 
continued right to Use the Software; (ii) replace or modify the Software so 
that it is no longer infringing but remains functionally equivalent; or (iii)
terminate this Agreement, accept return of the Software and Documentation and 
refund to the Client the license fee paid less a reasonable amount for 
depreciation.

The foregoing states the Client's sole and exclusive remedy and QUASARDB SAS's
sole and exclusive liability for any alleged infringement of any third party
property rights.

Article 16 - CONFIDENTIALITY
----------------------------

The Client agrees to keep confidential all trade secrets and other information
and know-how that QUASARDB SAS provides to the Client and identifies as
proprietary or confidential, or that due to the circumstances around the
disclosure, should be treated as confidential, and will make no use of such
information unless permitted under this Agreement.

Article 17 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP
------------------------------------------------

All ownership of and title to any intellectual property rights, including but
not limited to copyrights and trade secrets, in the Software belong to 
QUASARDB SAS and its suppliers and are protected by French and international 
copyright laws, other applicable intellectual property laws, and international
treaty provisions. QUASARDB SAS owns all rights not expressly granted herein.

QUASARDB SAS does not wish to receive confidential or proprietary ideas,
suggestions, materials or other information. The Client acknowledges that the
contents of the Support Site, including without limitation, any text,
Software, music, sound, graphics, photographs, video or other material
contained in the Support Site ("Content"), is protected by copyrights,
trademarks, service marks, patents and other laws protecting proprietary
information and trade secrets; therefore, the Client acknowledges that the
Client is entitled only to use this Support Site as set forth in this
Agreement, and may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly
display, or otherwise create derivative works from the Content without the
advance written approval of QUASARDB SAS to do so.

Article 19 - CHOICE OF LAW-JURISDICTION-ARBITRATION
---------------------------------------------------

19.1 Choice of law

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of France.

19.2 Choice of jurisdiction

The competent courts of the Appeal Court of Paris have exclusive jurisdiction
to settle any claim or arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or
the legal relationships established by it.
